last week at Eden Park the All Blacks
turned on one of their best home
performances for many years in beating
the Springboks by a 20 point margin but
tonight here in Wellington it starts all
over again as the two sides come
together for Game two of the 2010
tri-nations
15 out from the 22 it's against I think
Karen and read diving in over the top
and so the Springboks you got to get an
early chance here's mature a little bit
of strife better isolate it needs a bit
of help and help arrives
well they're up for it look at them go
not surprised to see a little bit of
niggle early on South Africans looking
to show some physical presence is we're
going to listen to come here Danny Russo
perhaps get a little telling off from
mr. Rowland well this will be
interesting will the penalty beam listen
to know
well where did it start well you see
someone just give Richie McCaw he's just
just going out at him
Staind genital warts halfway read lining
it up the banner loading him up and he
quickly got away good run by read a he
got it away to Cory Jane Switzerland
field here for mac or skips over a
fallen player and the All Blacks are 18
meters away with the pity where food now
Carter across the Nonu looking to go
wide a soda money ena the full-back five
meters away looking for football All
Blacks driving towards the line not who
he's going to the line and he scores
this day though for January yeah sorry
nah know down below Smith over the top
wall kick through snapped up by whip on
the chag he goes looking for some
support gets it were demoing a beautiful
pass torie jayne chip Woolley hyena
candor himself well well
another 50 meter try scored this time by
melina everyone to them and he wants it
quickly taken down by burger now January
run a lovely pass and here's an
opportunity for the Springboks John de
Villiers the best opportunity by a long
way Nick's runner-up is Danny Russo
stretching I think he's got it there it
certainly on the line and the try avin
Danny Russo who spent a bit of time in
the bin but the Springboks of hit back
just before half-time
now we're two referees got the arm out
there offside me alarming buyers of the
way for Carter yeah money I inna chance
white arranger they go to have a look at
it not sure the All Blacks are
celebrating you can see here he goes up
the flag is not in play that's a try
lays it back to count okay
trying to bring it under control known
who did pretty well now count again and
egg dang going to put runners round and
still going Israel Dagg oh what a try
individual try a team effort to get him
in the position to do what he does best
he goes around space through burger
around heppell on caches left grasping
at grass look at this Helders let's just
watch it that's not these a Hawke's Bay
lad that's light and that I hope you
guys own this week because I want to
talk to him about this and the thing
that he'll remember about it most as PS
face and scope bigger the other two he
left in his wake good defense on BJ
Botha now Staind again burger run with
the ball a fair bit in the second half
nice pass by Andres Becca burger gets
bison burger scores
nice run around by Scott burger and he
picks up the try too little too late but
a good one nonetheless mesum try to fire
back at skillfulness vindictive that's
and that is X another convincing victory
to the All Blacks
31 points to 17 tonight's to go on top
of last week's performance at Eden Park
and the best possible start in the
tri-nations for the All Blacks